So let's make sure that when we click log in in the off page we do actually log in or at least we fake
it.
So India off J.S. file in user pages I will import use context.
And of course I will also import my off context here from the shared folder the context folder and the
off context file and then here in the off page we can also get access to this off object by calling
use context on the off context we can use this off object and the log and method we have there inside
of our submit handler there besides logging what the user entered.
I would call off log in like this and this should already update the context and that data manage there
and therefore also the user interface.
So if I enter some valid data here so that the log in button gets enabled you see that changed here
in the navigation.
Now of course it would also be nice to then redirect the user though it would be nice to then leave
this page at a very elegant way of doing that is that we go to the app J as file where we set up all
the routes and we simply set up different routes for you locked in and not locked in state and we set
up different re directions as well which makes sure that when the state switches we get redirected so
for that here in app trace I will add a new variable routes and now we can check if is logged in which
is a state we're managing an app yes if data is true if it is true I'll set rules to a specific set
of routes if it is not true.
So in the Ellis case routes will be a different set of routes so let's maybe start with the routes that
are relevant if we're not logged in.
And so in the else block there I want to bring my route route so let's copy that here
and I also want to bring my user I.D. places route because we can view places of a user even if we are
not logged in and we're already getting an error here multiple route level JSA X elements next to each
other.
Never a great ideas let's use a react fragment to wrap them and let's continue adding routes now.
So we have the route route we have user edgy places.
I don't want to have the new place route.
I don't want to have to update placed road.
I absolutely want the off route so I will add that as well because we should be able to reach the off
page if we are not authenticated and I will also add a redirection here where we should always be redirected
to slash off actually as a default maybe so that if we are on any route which is not handled before
we are redirected to slash off.
Now let's copy that set up here and use it and be logged in case here.
Here to routes will be different.
I do have that users and the user places route.
I don't have the.
Off route though we shouldn't be able to go to the off page.
Instead we need to routes for a new place and for updating a place so let's copy that and for redirecting
we also need a different logic if we are authenticated.
I want to redirect to the starting page.
Let's say for invalid routes we are on
now with that we can go down and here in switch we can replace the routes we have there with the value
in our routes variable.
Now let's see if that works if we save that this reloads.
I'm on the off page I can go to all users and to the places of users for click here on edit.
I don't go to the OP that route though because we haven't to find this in the unsophisticated state
which is good.
We'll of course make sure that this button doesn't even exist in a second.
So on authenticate if I now do log in I am redirected thereafter and I can go to ad place could not
find place.
That's interesting.
We should take care about that and I can go to my places and to the update placed page and that's all
working.
Now what's causing this could not find place thing here.
Let's have a look and the problem probably is that I have this route here where I look for a place idea
and as I said new is interpreted as such and actually the switch statement is not working correctly
here.
I do enter it all into a switch statement but the react fragment in between seems to destroy things.
It's not a problem though we can just replace react fragment with switch here
in both route setups and then down there where I enter my routes I just get rid of the switch statement
because it's now part of the routes variable already was that does reloads and we should be able to
now go to new place to at place without that warning.
Yeah so that is all working does all those still works here.
And now let's make sure we also render a logout button which allows us to log out and we don't render
these two buttons if we are not locked in here I am logged in.
But if we're not locked in I don't want to render them side note later will also make sure that we only
see them if we are the user who created this for the moment we can ignore that.
So as before I definitely feel free to add that logout button on your own and to make sure that you
also get rid of these buttons here if we're not locked in in the next lecture we'll again do it together.